hey guys good morning it is Monday
morning around 8 a.m. I went to bed at
last night at 3 again because I if you
want to binge-watch there's four new
videos on my channel all edited with
thumbnails that I decided to put
together after 12:00 last night so I
definitely am somebody who does some
things by maximum again I apologize for
not being able to post regularly but
there are separate vlogs from each one
of my days this weekend and a bonus
question in a session that I had at
Richter Ballet Academy I am still
getting all the questions together for a
real question a video and I want to
shoot it with my canons so it's like
beautiful but I just want to say thank
you to all of you guys who are
commenting like oh my gosh I know that
I've been behind in answering but it's
so incredible to see people get
interested in ballet who've never really
been exposed to it and I'm so grateful
to Jenna and Julianne for driving so
many people to my channel so thank you
so much today I'm not gonna go and take
class for myself before I have to teach
because I am exhausted I have been to
bed every day this week at 3:00 and this
is supposed to be my break and I just
realized after posing all day yesterday
for the artist that my body is shot and
I do need to rest so I think I'm gonna
take today and just not take class I'll
just teach so I am looking forward to
having a morning to myself and my
thoughts and let's do some
soul-searching
in a rush to go to my meeting and I hate
when that happens my contour kit got
ruined Oh No
whoosh whoosh whoosh Merseyside nice I
decide that's right usable music
finish show me finish finish finish
smiles you made it those are than they
were because they were really ugly when
I first bought cream but I think I might
have to get a different pair you just
need something that breaks a bit lower
go but they look soft though because
that's part of that if you'd understand
they break a little bit but the cool
thing was I can freeze one load
No I can break the bus cuz I have to put
rubbing alcohol okay so first of all you
want to bring this shank forward and
they that will make things easier
this part is too hard because yes that's
you need to make sure that this part is
soft and then is been in your life
immediately because you know something
miss but they're too hard I don't know
how far down I should put it because I
put a little bit here if it's stretching
this bone it's too high you need to make
sure that this part is hard but this
part should be soft that's what you want
to do try that and then if they don't
work then give you shoes yeah
hey guys I have a quick break before I
have to continue teaching I have two
more privates up today and then I'm
gonna run over to West Hollywood and
meet up with this crazy inspiring woman
who speaks like ten different languages
she might even speak more and we're just
gonna have dinner and I'm really excited
for it and I'm exhausted from the
weekend still so it's catching ten yeah
hey guys so I just got my green chiumbo
boat which I love does that I need
caffeine but my favorite one is taro
taro is my favorite thing on the planet
which reminds me I'm gonna be in Asia in
less than two weeks so all my Hong Kong
and Singapore peeps look me up because I
want to see you I want to meet you you
guys are so amazing and I love Asian I
love Hong Kong and love Singapore let's
meet up let's go eat let's go experiment
let's have fun I can't wait to be in
Asia I can't wait to meet you guys come
by Asian Granberry come by cotton
Victory's masterclass series I can't
wait to meet you guys Asia is gonna be
fun
guys I'm here with Hannah we're doing
the what is 96 Monday night in yeah but
you're going to do the stairs exercise
at 9:15 at night she's hardcore hardcore
yeah so I think I might be closing out
this vlog right now I'll wait I'll wait
half an hour more and then I'll close it
down and end it Hannah's room is so
stylish hey guys so I guess I'm just
gonna close up the vlog I think my
evening plans fell through so I'm just
gonna edit some videos put them up I'm
gonna go to bed get ready for tomorrow
so do you so much would you follow me
write me a comment send me some love in
the description and I will see you
tomorrow for another vlog